Congratulations!  You've found a rare and important item... the locket of Eleanor Muircastle.  You're a very lucky person.


Unfortunately, there is a small catch. See, the locket is cursed. Hand crafted in 1908 on commission to Fredirick Muircastle, the locket was given as a gift to his beloved Eleanor for Christmas that year.


In 1914 Eleanor was murdered, found beaten to death in her bed in the Muircastle Estate. For the next several years, Frederick explored darker and darker paths, trying to find a way to bring her back, and much of the dark magic which he delved into ended up centered on this locket.  Over time, her soul became bound to it.


Eventually, the locket was passed down to Julia Muircastle, Eleanor's grandaughter, who lost it in early 1938 ... just a few days before her murder at fourteen years of age by her own father Gaston.


The locket was lost to time, until a few weeks ago, when a native of the island returned and continued the story of the locket.  Carried into prison by a man convicted of murder in 1938, the locket was later passed to Tal Osterham, another native of the island, who returned from prison just a few weeks ago.  On his return to the island, Tal lost the locket.  His story is attached.
􀀀


WHAT HAPPENS IF YOU ACCEPT THE LOCKET?


If you accept the locket, we'd ask you to a) wear it, and b) talk about both the locket and its story.  You'll be temporarily cursed, and may act strangely as a result.  In particular, you'll have unusual bursts of anger and bouts of grief that make no sense at all to those around you. You might mention your grief for your grandchildren (Gaston, Julia, James, Anthony and Xavier), all of whom were killed by your son Gaston.


Additionally, if you accept the locket, you'll likely find yourself haunted by the ghostly members of the Muircastle estate, as well as their mortal allies.  


Hold on to it as long as you want... but for RP purposes try to keep it out of the hands of the haunting and maybe pass it on to others.  To do that, just rez it on the ground and when they touch it they'll get the same menu.


TO ACCEPT THE LOCKET, CLICK "YES" IN THE BLUE MENU