ERIE ISLE is a tiny, barely populated island which was largely abandoned a number of years ago.  At one time it was a vacation spot for middle class summer vacations, but the toll of hurricanes and ocean pollution reduced it to a shell of its former self. The island was finally almost completely abandoned when Gaston P. Muircastle, the chairman of a large pharmaceutical company, murdered his wife, five children and then killed himself in the mansion overlooking the highest spot on the island.  Rumors quickly spread through the town that the mansion … and indeed the entire island … was haunted.  Rents fell, people stopped coming, and eventually the town was left to the homeless and creatures of the night.


􀀀


Eris Isle is a live action role playing game built within Second Life. The town and the island are build as an open form where you can develop your character within the story of the overall island.  Erie Isle uses DCS2 as its combat meter. If you don’t have DCS2, you can purchase it at the DCS store near the main entrance to the sim.


􀀁


􀀂


􀀃


Physical description:


The island has a small town in one corner, with a homeless shelter, a few struggling shops, and a run-down apartment building.  Underneath the town is a broken sewage system, not maintained in many years. 


Club Restricted, near the sim entrance, is a no-combat zone.


Near the town is a small forest with an abandoned children’s park and picnic area. Overgrown and often shrouded with fog, the forest is largely frequented by werewolves and other predators.
The former mansion on top of the hill continues to be haunted by the ghosts of Hughes and his wife and children, and occasionally they add to the toll by killing wanderers who dare to enter the mansion.


Groups: 


Erie Isle Main Group: Everyone should be a member. Please don't chat in this group, it is for announcements only.


Eris Isle New Resident Support. If you need help getting started, this is the group to go to.


Erie Island Senior Roleplayers: Group membership requires nomination from a current member.  The SR will propose and write sim-wide roleplays, manage them and ensure that most of the island residents are included in some way or another in the stories.


Erie Island Ghosts: this group will be for ghosts only: these are the folks haunting the town.


Erie Island Homeless: based at the homeless shelter, this group will be primarily human, but mixed.  Loose, no real leadership


Erie Island Brigade: a small group of former U.S. army infantry who deserted following an ugly war in the middle east.  Constantly scheming to take over the town.  Mostly human.


Additional groups will likely be added in the near future.