Okay.. for those of you who don’t know me, my name’s Tal.  I grew up around here… about where the uh… slums are now… and let me tell you … they weren’t so hot back then either.


Anyways… what I want to tell you is a story my great-grandma used to tell.  She told it to her son… and to his daughter… and so on… right down to me.  You can take it with a grain of salt if you want… might have just been her way of telling us to pipe down, if you know what I mean.


Anyways… this was a story from her childhood… that she’d heard.  When I was growing up… little type … this was in the 1970s… and she was already pushing 95 years old.  Her father was born here on Erie Isle during the War Between the States.  And that’s what this story concerns.


You see…  Erie even then has a small population… not so big… mostly fisherman and the like.  But not long after shots were fired at Fort Sumter, President Davis ordered shore batteries put in on all the barrier islands… and one was built here… right about where the lighthouse stands now. In fact, from what my great-grandma told me, the lighthouse itself stands on the foundations of that short battery, which was constructed to keep the yankees out of the harbor, and to allow some shelter for the blockade runners.


So it seems that in the summer of 1863, the CSS Muircastle set sail out of Wilmington and stopped in here at Erie.  Y’all will recognize the name of the ship of course, and I’ll tell you there’s no coincidence there.


The Muircastle was a privateer… or a pirate, if you will.  It’s mission was to go up north, around the northern harbors, and interfere with civilian shipping… seize ships,… burn them down… and force the US Navy to sends its ships back north, instead of blocking the harbors down here.


The captain of the ship was… yeah… you guessed it.  William Franklin Muircastle III.  He came from a wealthly slaveholding family out of South Carolina, and they were … pretty rabid secessionists.  And it seems that for more than 45 days the CSS Muircastle raided up and down the eastern seaboard.  And then it cleared the blockage… and made it back through, where it came into the harbor right out there where that busted up ship is today.


Captain Muircastle was said to be a hard taskmaster.  A … fanatic, actually.  In fact … my great grandma told us all about   the day after the ship came into port, loaded down with property, gold and goods from those sunken and raided yankee ships… that the Captain lined up 14 men of his crew…. He tied them to stakes along the beach… and had them flogged until their skin was in shreds. Blood all over the ground... chunks of flesh.


You see what I mean about my grandma and makin us hush.


August of 1863 came along, and they finally had both fuel and orders.  The Muircastle set sail….  And that was when things went … well… all wrong.  You see… as that ship made its way out into the harbor… a long green tentacle came up out of the water.  
The tentacle… well… it wrapped itself right around that ship and tore it in two pieces.  And the story goes that … not a single member of the crew survived…. Except one. The Captain.  


The next morning, Captain Muircastle came ashore… drenched… half dead.  Raving of demons and blood.  And here was the thing….


/me leans forward to whisper.  “Everyone could see them… following him… everywhere he went to his dying day.. which was three days later.”


It was  another generation before another Muircastle came to this island… but treasure hunters came.  Plenty of em.  And every single one met the same fate…  lost at sea.  They say the treasure is still out there… still under those waters… but who is willing to risk it?  I know I’m not.  Because … from what my grandma told me… the sea monster… it’s still out there… haunting the island… haunting us all.