Well… were do I start.  Those of you don’t know me… name is Tal.  I grew up around here actually, but not so you’d know it. Wasn’t part of them Muircastle’s or nothin’ like that.. fact, my mom was ….  Well, she did what she had to make ends meet.  Started out as a servant, but …. 


Anyways, I didn’t have so much for parents… grew up pretty much pandhandling… shoplifting… whatever.  Time came when I had a pretty good rap sheet… nothin’ violent of course.. wasn’t my style.  Surviving was.


Anyways… there was a sweet girl, name of Nocra.  I loved her… more than you could possible know.  And one day she like… disappears.  No one can find her. I couldn’t find her.  And the old sheriff …. Well… he knows I been hanging out with her… he knows my record… you get the picture.  Got sentenced to 25 to life, right over there at the Erie Courthouse.  That was back in …. well… a long time ago.  I ended up spending a good bit more than half my life in the slammer, right up until a few months ago.


Anyways… this isn’t my story.  Actually it’s about a friend of mine… and something he had.  I’m not going to get much into prison … if you don’t know what its like, you don’t want to know.  If you do… well, you probably don’t want to hear about it.  Point though, is that to survive, you either gotta be invisible… or you gotta have backup…. Or both.


I was pretty good at being invisible.  I stayed low… stayed out of the gangs, whatever.  Didn’t have to shave my head or be a fuckin’ girlwhore or none of that stuff.  Was about my fifth year when I got moved to medium security, and ended up with old Reynold as my cellmate.


Let me tell you ‘bout Reynold.  Odd one. Lifer.  He’d been inside more years than I’d been alive, and then some.  Fifty years in fact at the time.  And the crazy thing was…  he was from the same town I was.  Right here on Erie Isle.  Reynold went up for murder in the fall of 1938... they said he’d cut up one of the nurses at the hospital.  I don’t know if the story was true… but he used to tell me … the damndest things. 


Anyways… Reynold kept to hisself . Bald old coot, he spoke with a southern accent so thick you could barely understand it.  Tattoos up and down both arms, back, chest… faded, y’ know.  Old ones.


Thing was.. day and night … no matter where he was… he wore the damndest thing.  A tiny gold locket.  I never understood why the guards didn’t take it… why the other prisoners didn’t knife him for it.  People whispered… but wouldn’t tell me a damn thing, except that I should find a new cellmate.  Heh…like I had a choice.


So right around …. I guess 1988 or so… near twenty years ago… he was coming up on his fiftieth year inside.  And we got a new block captain, a hardass “corrections” sergeant from Detroit named Smalls, and the first thing he does coming down the block is damn near shit a brick when he sees Reynold.


“What the fucks is that” he says, pointing at the locket.


Nobody answers, least of all Reynold.  Some of the other guards whispered though, and went pale as ghosts when Smalls orders em to jack Reynold up and take the locket. For a second there I thinks they’re gonna blow him off… but he starts screaming, spittle flying everywhere, and next thing I know I gots half a dozen guards in the cell, jacking Reynold up against the wall, and they takes the locket from him.


/me looks at the ground and speaks in an almost silent tone.  “Look… you gotta understand…. I was pretty hard in some ways.  But I never… never in my life… heard a man scream like that.  It was like they were tearing away his soul. “


Reynold cried himself to sleep… like a baby.  I didn’t know what to do … what to think.  It was freaking crazy.  And for some reason, all I could think about was Nocra… wondering what happened to her.  Wondering if … if I’d had anything of hers … and they took it… would I cry like that?  I don’t know.


Finally little after midnight check I fell asleep… but I don’t know for how long.  Because when I woke up… there was someone standing in my cell.


Look… no one can get in there without making some godawful noise.  But they hadn’t been any noise. Nothin.  I woke up and it was as cold as the fucking grave, and I open my eyes, in the darkness I could see … a shadow… something.


My heart was beating … like to burst out of my chest.  I didn’t move.  Didn’t even breath.  And then ….


The figure moved.  And I saw that it was … a woman.


She was slender…  dark hair… pale complexion… wore a dress that can’t have been seen since back before the big war.  Stunningly beautiful.  And she moves over to Reynold, and leans beside him, and I swear to god, I could see right through her.  Right to the wall where his fucking paintings were.  


She says, “Forgive me for what I must do.”


I didn’t breath.


She says, “I’ll always love you.”


I didn’t move.


She says, “Please forgive me.”


And then….


She vanished.


I can tell you… my heart was fit to burst out of my chest.  I didn’t know what the fuck it was all about, but I can tell you this… I didn’t imagine it.  Because two hours later, the fuckin’ guards come through … the night shift mind you… to do 4 AM count.   And one of em lets out a screech…


And he points.


The rest look, and someone switches on the lights….


And there at the top of the cell block, lined up in a neat row, forty feet off the floor….


Was Sergeant Smalls, the block captain.  And every single one of the guards who had helped take that locket.


They was hanging, from ropes.


They’re hands had been… cut off … and was somehow stuffed in their mouths.


Oh my god, I’ll tell you know, I thought my heart was fit to burst.  Because right then I looked over to Reynold…


And around his neck…


Was the locket. 


/me sighs.


I wish I could tell you that was the end.  But it aint.


In 1994, old Reynold died in the clinic right there in the state pen.  And his last words to the doc was to give me the locket, to bring it back to what he said was it’s rightful home.


That was more than fifteen years ago.  And every day since I expected…. To wake up… with that woman… standing over me.


But she never did.  The woman I saw… that beautiful dark haired woman… was pictured in the same dress on the inside of the locket.


So four weeks ago… they finally let me go.  Got my clothes…  little bit of cash… and the locket.  And I remembered what old Reynold said as his dying words… that I had to bring it back where it belonged.


So… I came back home.  Back here to Erie Isle.  And my first night in town I shaked up over in the warehouse district.  I’m lying there… only half asleep, cause frankly it’s goddamn scary over there…. When all of of the sudden it gets cold.  Ice cold.  My breath was coming out in crystals, and I shivered and burrowed under my grimy blankets, and then I hear a whisper.  “Forgive me,” she says.  And I don’t remember any more.


When I woke up… the locket was gone.