~~**~~


Ex occultus adveho verus vox
Real power lies with the hidden


~~**~~


Throughout recorded time rumors have been whispered in fields and churches, along alleyways and roads, in the meanest homes and the most opulent palaces: that there are dangerous predators walking the earth.  Those of the two-legged variety.  Those who are not interested in your possessions, but instead far more intent on taking your blood, your submission, or even your soul.


The legends are varied but they contain common threads:  nature has twisted these beings so violently as to make them inhuman. Inhumane. Soulless.  Possessing powers and abilities unseen in humans.  And above all: nearly undefeatable.


The rumors and legends fly, but oddly no one ever sees these creatures -- or at least, survives the sighting long enough to tell anyone about them.  Parents blithely reassure their children about the bogeyman under the bed, while they themselves glance nervously at the window:  was that a tree branch rustling against the window?  Or something else?  Something not quite... safe?  


But...   oh, yes...  it's so much easier to explain fear as an irrational response triggered by rational means.  It's safer, somehow, to wish it away  rather than admit there might be something *else* out there.  Something malign.  Something evil.


And so the masses continue in their little lives, dancing their little dance, deluded into feeling secure.


~~**~~


Which, really, is just how we want it.  


You and I know better, don't we?  Of course we exist.  Vampires, werewolves, mages, demons, and the like  -- we all walk the night, taking what we need to survive.


Centuries of forced secrecy have served us well:  humans aren't quite aware of us, aren't aware that they are being hunted, being used, and even dying in our cause.  Aren't aware, that is, until we have them pinned to the floor, screaming for mercy.  


But how else should it be?   It is our nature, after all.


~~**~~


Forced by centuries' worth of tradition to remain hidden in the shadows, supernatural beings quietly moved into Erie at the time of the town's inception.  While most remained underground, the more ambitious of them worked to infiltrate the highest levels of society.  Over time they created a loose network called The Cabal and became some of the city's more prominent business leaders, benefactors, and philanthropists.  


The Cabal's main goals were to advance the town's prosperity for its own purposes:  primarily to create a safe haven for their kind; but also to encourage the tourism that brought money and influence to the group, and to provide safe hunting grounds for the creatures that required humans for food or subjects.


The town has recently fallen on hard times and fallen hard, caused in no small part by the previous Cabal leader's mistakes.  A forced power play between rivals within the Cabal went hideously wrong, the Cabal's leadership were slaughtered in an internal coup, and the Cabal effectively broke down, consumed by petty squabbling and scrambling for resources between those that survived.  This opened up the town's power structure for other groups to enter.  That where we find ourselves today.


More recently a new leader has risen and seized control.  She sees the potential of the town and has forced the group to take back their original purpose: to look beyond the mistakes made, create the haven needed by so many of their kind, and to revitalize the town again for their own purposes. 


In short: to make it possible for them to survive in a world where exposure means certain death.


~~**~~   Cabal Group rules   ~~**~~


1.  First and foremost:  Have fun.


2.  We are primarily a RP group.  Please consider this before applying for membership


3.  All races  are welcome in The Cabal.  The group's primary focus is to create a safe haven for the supernaturals of Erie, so Humans will need to have valid RP reasons for joining.  Examples of this could include being a blood doll, an underworld information broker, a corporate spy, and the like.  There are many needs that would be useful to the group, so be creative.


4.  The Cabal's secondary focus is to establish control within the city and over its inhabitants, so interaction between Cabalists and all residents is critical.  The sewers are our base because we need them as a hiding place for members who cannot pass as human.  The rest of us should be above ground as much as possible, assisting new people and promoting The Cabal's purposes and the city at large.  


5.  If your race is anything other than fully human, secrecy regarding your race is PARAMOUNT.  Cabalists do not wander the street openly flaunting thier race, they do not feed where they will be discovered, they are careful to wipe the memory of those that are taken from in any manner.  Consider yourself undercover at all times. If you cannot be undercover due to avatar style or roleplay choices, you must play that at all times.  There are no exceptions to this rule.  


6.  Members are not required to train for combat, but are strongly encouraged to do so.


7.  There is a two week probationary period upon joining for everyone, regardless of level or experience.  During that time you'll be working with the Cabal leaders and members to find your legs and interests within the group and the city.  At the end of two weeks you graduate to Operative with RP goals outlined, subject to GM approval.  These goals will be primarily created by the new Operator with Elder/Grand Counselor/Advisor input and guidance.


8.  Please read the "Erie Isle Introduction" documentation available at the information center and keep them for reference.  You are responsible for knowing the information contained within them. 


~~**~~


Contact Gloriana Maertens or Zion Volos for information about membership.






rev 08-06-08