.-= Basic info =-.
1) Avatar's Name: 


2) Avatars B-Day [[REZZ DAY]]: 


3) Race:  


4) Level at time of signing up: 


5) Why do you want to join the Dreadshift? 


6) Short character background (used oocly  to assist on introducing RP): 






tHE DREADSHIFT =-.


You laugh with them, all of you as you sit so comfortably in that technicolor hell hole. It's the only comfort the world can bring you, knowing that evil exists so near. So you ignore it, drinking yourselves into a stupor, telling youselves you are safe. You sit there, liquid courage flooding your veins and minds, telling yourself you are the ruler of this realm. The truth is an icy spear through your heart... however, the the light from the bar brings you serenity and the drink brings you a moments happiness.


Until you step into the dark. 


That liquid courage leads you straight into our cluthes. We hunt you because it is the proper order of things, the cattle must be properly prepared to fuel the feast for the true rulers of the world. You are welcome to stay under your little street lights, in your little bars, but the moment you leave... you step into our world. We are the Dreadshift, and we own the night.


---


Everyone has the capability of doing great things. Grand, marvelous, amazing things. The ability to direct people to the best course of action, the ability to drive a people forward, to create a new and shining era. What kind of great things are you capable of? What kind of deeds of grandure are you going to accomplish? And who will it be benefitting...?


Better yet... what means do you have...? What power do you pocess to accomplish such "important tasks"? Well... chances are that if you are new to Erie... you'll need some kind of "backing".. a benefactor of sorts. And that kind of support can't be bought or traded... it's gained.


Welcome to the Dreadshift. We're the driving force of Erie that allow you, at this point a nobody, to become a powerful figurehead. Need more resources? Need more people? Need the strength of a family long established? Why are you still asking questions- come join the Dreadshift.


.-= PURPOSE OF THE DREADSHIFT =-.


//OOC\\
Out of character, the group has functions which must be upheld at all times. These aspects of the group allow a bridge of RP to be formed for other group, and sets the stage for any new person to have roleplay options for people once they realise the other person's group alignment.


As such, we will be fufilling certain criteria, until such time dictates we change our house assosiations, ect.
+To create conflict within Erie.
+Provide an "evil" cover for others .
+Provide an enemy for Erie
+Most of all ,to provide a vessel for good RP for the sim .


//IC\\
"Corruption" is a poweful word... to consume things that were once wholesome and healthy into decay and pestilence. 


Some would consider decay and pestilence horrible, vile, nasty things, but to those people... they have a limited understanding of true power, and what it means to attain it.


All things in this exisance are simply means to an end... this preconceived notion of "good" and "evil" is dictated by society's flucuating moral and ethical standards. Why adhere to something so unstable? So then, what *is* our real creed...?


The corruption of any and all good things for the use of the Dreashifts power or takeover of Erie. 


We have an insatiable want to control or own anything- and rightly so. There's no need to leave things in the hands of the less powerful, less fornuate, and the less intellegent. The people who can't understand that all means are to an end, to creating a new future where the Dreadshift can orcastrate lives, making thing... more wholesome. 


How do you ask? Anything is possible... only a few guidelines will be erected to keep the Dreadshift on a straighter, more forward driven path. There are innumerous options for this group forwarding  including, but not limited to lying, stealing, extortion, kidnapping, rape, theft and destruction of properties of others.


So a few innocents get hurt along the way... they were bugs in our path to begin with.


*Please note- attempting bragging to the leader is encouraged.*


.-=HOUSE RULES=-.
These rules are put in place to keep the Dreadshift an active and healthy group. They allow the GM's a little easier time if there is an issue inside the group to ensure ut can be solved quickly, speedily, and effectively.


Failure to comply with these rules could have you removed from the group, and in some cases on severity, removed from the sim permanently.


+Members are expected to maintain a mature nature out of character. This is required for a group who's agenda is to create major conflict. Those found performing out of character bashing, having inability to distinguish between in and out of character, or  using out of character information without noted in character gaining of knowledge will immediately be removed from the group and dealt with by a GM. 
+Members are required to keep notecards of any OOC approval they recieve for a roleplay. Any changes or effects that will occur to another player the member does not control out of character must be noted.
These acts include theivery, kidnapping, raping, torture, and the destruction of properties not yours. (This is all CYA . Protect yourself from later drama)
+Members must be active. Any member not seen active within sixty (60) days in the sim by the first week of the month will be removed from the group, unless having previously spoken to the leader of the group. (This is dependant on the group leader seeing you in Erie themselves, not relying on another person's account of your activity.)
+Members are required to wear their group tag while in Sim. OOC tags the other option . 
+Members are not to have sexual relations inside/around the base (unless brought on with good reason through RP). There are other places this can be done, such as the Warehouse district - no one wants to hear how well you roleplay out your fantasies.
+We do not tolerate public  discention with other family members , take it to the lighthouse basement and work out the issues . We are a tight knit group and to air laundry in public shows otherwise . 
+Prefered is a purpose to every action . Even chaotic evil alignments have a purpose ...to feed thier desire for others pain . The goal is to attempt to further RPs rather than to make the group shunned for past actions . ICly there may be consequence for certain actions ,but remember, OOCly we never berate anothers play style . 


.-=ROLES OF MEMBERS=-.
(Leader) Salient
{+} The Head Salient leads the group in all fashions- by example on verbal to setting an example of members. The Salient's role is to direct and aid, not nessicarily create roleplay. This role will usually be filled with someone who is a GM, so that all IC/OOC issues can be resolved within group boundaries.


(Social of Sim) Utterance
{+} The position of Dreadshift Utterace is for a character who ICly stays informed on the status of other characters or groups. The job they are to perform is opinions of the social nature inreference to the sim at the time of role play creation.
They also act in conjuction with the Dreadshift Carnage and Dreadshift Supply as a Second in Command.


(Combative of Sim) Carnage
{+} The position of Dreadshift Carnage is for a character who ICly is very DCS and Roleplay fighting active. The job they are to perform is opinions of the combative nature inreference to the sim at the time of role play creation.
Dreadshift Utterance and Dreadshift Supply as a Second in Command.


(Resources Available) Cardinal
{+} The position of Dreadshift Cardinal is for a character who ICly is very crafty in finding new outlets for the Dreadshift to use, be them objects or rites/spells. The job they are to perform is opinions of the resourceful nature inreference to the sim at the time of role play creation.
Dreadshift Utterance and Dreadshift Carnage as a Second in Command.


(Information Spies) Sayer
{+} The position of Dreadshift Sayer is for a character who ICly is very involved in the business of other groups or characters, for the benefit of the group. The jobs they are to perform are easy dropping, theivery, and the general taking of items nessicary to the Dreadshift cause.
The Dreadshift Sayer may take on trainees for their position at the approval of the Dreadshift Head Salient and the Dreadshift Utterance.


(Combative Members) Slayer
{+} The position of Dreadshift Slayer is for a character who ICly is DCS and/or Roleplay fighting active. The jobs they are to perform are defendthing othe Dreadshift members, goig to their aid, defending the base, and attacking other groups for role play purposes.
The Dreadshift Slayer may take on trainees for their position at the approval of the Dreadshift Head Salient and the Dreadshift Carnage.


(Rites and Spells) Swayer
{+} The position of Dreadshift Swayer is for a character who ICly is active in alchemy, demonic/supernatural spells or rites, and who is versatile at their creation in a reasonable fashion. The jobs they are to perform are creation of any magical item, spell, or component we need, the magical gaining or swaying of players
The Dreadshift Slayer may take on trainees for their position at the approval of the Dreadshift Head Salient and the Dreadshift Cardinal.


(Trainees A, B, C) Adept
{+} The position of Dreadshift Adept is for a character who ICly wants to learn the skills of the roles higher than themselves. The jobs they are to perform are depending on what their trainers ask them to do, as well as what the Council asks them to do.
To be approved for a posistion above Dreadshift Adept, one must have spent atleast two weeks actively in training for the role, as well as shown that they are capable of performing the duties of the new role, from the view of both the Head Salient and the respective branch Council Member.


(Normal) Reformist
{+} The position of Dreadshift Reformist is for a character who is new to the Dreadshift. They will be learning how the Dreadshift functions, the heirachy of the Dreadshift, and being worked with on roleplaying and roleplay approval.
All members incoming to the Dreadshift will default to this position. All members wishing to move to Adept status must have role played in Erie as a Dreadshift for no less than two weeks actively, and have shown to the Council they are ready to move on.


.-= Fill out, and return to a Salient (leader) =-.