~The Haunting~


Mediums and mystics. Paranormal investigators.  The insane, and the mentally wounded.  And ... ghosts.  That is the The Haunting of Erie Isle, based out of the old Muircastle Mansion at the far northeastern corner of Erie Isle.


After death nothing is, and nothing death:
The utmost limit of a gasp of breath.
Let the ambitious zealot lay aside
His hopes of heaven, whose faith is but his pride;
Let slavish souls lay by their fear,
Nor be concerned which way nor where
After this life they shall be hurled.
Dead, we become the lumber of the world,
And to that mass of matter shall be swept
Where things destroyed with things unborn are kept.
Devouring time swallows us whole;
Impartial death confounds body and soul.
For Hell and the foul fiend that rules
God's everlasting fiery jails
(Devised by rogues, dreaded by fools),
With his grim, grisly dog that keeps the door,
Are senseless stories, idle tales,
Dreams, whimsies, and no more.
-- Seneca, Troades


Do you believe in Ghosts? 


The residents of Erie Island do. And with good reason. The dark dealings of Gaston P Muircastle have torn open a rift between the land of the living, and the realm of the dead. Ghosts walk the streets in Erie Isle.


The Haunting is made up of ghosts, those who communicate with them, and those who gain power from the mysical forces that rip Erie Isle apart. Only rarely does a the public actually see a ghost... and when they do it is often an experience they cannot and do not want to repeat. Because ultimately, as far as the ghosts of Erie Isle are concerned... the island belongs to them.


Experiences with the Haunting can be nightmarish for those who deal with them.  Mytics and mediums speak in mysteries, and are often insane as a result of their regular contact with the dead. And many, if not most of the ghosts themselves are tormented beings... held to this earth by unfinished business, broken hearts, unending nightmares and unwillingness to let go of their long dead past.


The mystics and mediums... though they often speak for the ghosts... also protect them, and tend to owe more loyalty to their ghostly contacts than their mortal peers.  In turn, the ghosts themselves cast their own protection on their mortal counterparts.


--- 
If you wish to become part of The Haunting seek them out in the mansion, or contact one of the following:


Haunting Wraiths: Omega Kaligawa, Aurelia Imako, Colleen Marjeta
Haunting Phantoms: Severus Seversky, Denenthorn Masukami, Pandorah DeVinna, GrrBrool Lykin, Parafora Demonia




OOC: The Haunting is open to all races, not just ghosts … in fact, the majority of our membership plays mystics, mediums and paranormal investigators. If you’re seriously into rp and want to weave complex and beautiful stories, then you may have found a group of kindred spirits.