History
    The Twilight has had its roots in power from time immemorial.  They have strong history in ancient rituals and rites of magic and mysticism. Whispers of their control, who may —or may not— be in their ranks or under their, often covert, influence has plagued all centers of power all over the world.  In Erie we have been around a long time and we control much.  
    We have, in our providence, come to have influence in the government, media, emergency services, and businesses of this little community.  Long ago a group referred to as the "Unseen" was accepted into the twilight ranks and bolstered us in Erie.  We struggled in this ghost town to acquire the power and set up systems for us to influence.  
    Our control of the Orb, archive reference included (􀀃), as well as other artifacts of magic lead us to try and guide the strong spirtual and magical forces here such at the Ley lines and portals or rifts.  
    Later one of our sometime allies sometime rivals the Cabal, see our Cabal archive record (􀀄 ), had gained much in the way of political and criminal power base.  We saw the benefit of a merger of our power.  
    Previously thought of as the new money/old money groups of Erie, we together were now a frightening force.  The shipping, criminal underground, brothel, and pawn shop are all in our hands.  The political structure is always sought after or influenced by our people.  


The Twilight – Bringing the world to its knees one snarky comment at a time.


Between Light and Dark, in the wee hours of the night the twilight moves.  Hidden in shadow we work our plots and schemes.  In palaces and ballrooms, in conversations hidden behind fans, reputations are ruined, characters assassinated, and rumors born.  In daylight hours its members wield razorblade smiles and sharp wit, smug that none of their misdeeds can be traced back to them.  They are the paragons of both virtue and vice, dirty minds with clean hands.


A confrontation with the Twilight is an exercise in frustration.  The Twilight work in packs.  Their socialites and Daevas level withering comments and social mockery.  When confronted directly or when violence approaches, their ever-present duelists and Champions come to the fore, challenging the would-be attackers and humiliating them on the field of battle.  When the whole mess is over, their hucksters and Pundits come in to clean up the mess, ensuring that the other party is held to blame for the incident.  When the Twilight goes to war it is a terrifying thing to behold.  They never move unless they are assured of victory, so if you find yourself at war with them, chances are you’ve already lost.


Their currency is information and favors.  When your back is against the wall they have been known to work miracles to get you out of it, but always at a price.  Many wonder if the price is ever worth the services rendered.  Their ultimate goal is a mystery, but it is whispered in private that it must not be good for outsiders.  Whispered, lets they overhear and the speaker incur their wrath.


The Twilight have their own code of honor which rarely coincides with outsiders definition.  They will come to the aid of one another against any outsider that focuses their ill will one of them, and yet will take advantage of each other and ‘spar’ with one another through internal plots and struggles.  They consider it their privilege to oppose their own, and nobody else’s.  Outsiders face the combined Twilight and it speaks with one voice.


All who walk in the light; all who walk in the darkness, are touched by the Twilight.  The Twilight have one overriding rule:  Never get caught.


********


RANK AND ROLES


Twilight Aspirant:  Those untested who seek to join the Twilight – every member begins here, regardless of prior experience.  There are no exceptions.


Twilight Duelist:  The Duelists of the Twilight are famous for humbling their opponents.  They linger near their fellow Twilight members and wait for one of them to provoke their enemies into violence.  It is then that the Duelist steps in, both defending their sister and humiliating their opponent and reminding them why one doesn’t mess with the Twilight.  “I’m your huckleberry.”


Twilight Champion:  The paramount of duelist expertise, these vicious fighters are expert at both defeating their opponents and luring them into fights they can’t possibly win.


Twilight Socialite:  The Socialite is the shining front of the Twilight.  They host social events, entertain people and are the velvet glove to the iron fist of the duelist.  They can destroy people with a word and are the consummate information brokers and dealmakers.


Twilight Daeva:  The queen bee of the social scene.  They often literally hold court, accepting the adoration of the masses and granting boons to their petitioners.  


Twilight Huckster:  Hucksters are expert at turning things around on people.  They can make a suicide look like someone else’s fault.  They are experts at verbal judo and cover any mistakes or messes made by their other members.


Twilight Pundit:  Masters of Spin.  They can argue for the devil and win.


Twilight Whisperer: The second in command, quietly keeping the family operating and making certain the Voices' wishes are realized.


Twilight Voice:  These are the masters of the Twilight, they are adept at all aspects of the Twilight’s business.  They speak on behalf of the Twilight and are masters of manipulation, machination and dueling.


*********


Appearance:  The Twilight come from every walk of life and social strata but they have one thing in common.  They all have socially acceptable appearance.  In Erie that means that their supernatural creatures hide what they are in public.  Those that can adopt human visages, those that can’t hide under cloaks or veils.  In private they range from sex kittens to the utterly demonic and hideous, their true selves revealed.


Hideout:  The Twilight has taken up residence in the Cathedral on the southwest of this island.  The upper floor is open to any who wish to enter, so long as they offer no trouble and do not threaten the Twilight.  The lower floors are a well maintained secret.  Locking cells and various implements of torture fit for the inquisition lie beneath.  Few who enter the depths of the Cathedral ever come out the same.  Its members also maintain their own bolt-holes and residences, for private events and private play parties.  Some of them play quite rough.


Background:  The Twilight come from all levels of social strata.  From bikers to members of royal courts, the common thread is that they tend to be the social backbone of their organizations; the power behind the throne.  Some are the quiet type, hanging back and saying little in public, but arranging things behind the scenes.  Many are quite vociferous and social.


Races:  All races fit easily into the twilight.


Angels:  Surprisingly, Angels fit quite well into the schemes of the Twilight.  Their natural charisma makes them well suited to positions as socialites or Daevas.  Their schemes are as varied and unknowable as the demons.  All is not at peace in the heavenly kingdom as the celestials fight for favor.
 
Human:  Humans fit easily into any organization.  The Twilight is an excellent refuge for those humans who need a little help facing down the various supernatural creatures that haunt Erie.  Here they can find a refuge and build influence and power without the need for martial prowess.


Demons:  Many demons use the Twilight to help further their infernal plans.  Some wish to bring about Armageddon and guarantee that their side will win.  Some just like to play with people and the twilight gives them ample opportunity to corrupt and debase others. 
Nekos:  Nekos are notorious for playing with their food.  What better place to play than the twilight?


Vampires:  Vampires enjoy the Twilight’s ability to help keep them secret, protect them during the daylight hours, and provide them with a mechanism to hide their nocturnal hunting.  They also tend to think in long term machinations.  They’re going to live forever after all.  This makes them a valuable asset to the Twilight.


Lycans:  The Twilight prize those lycans who fit within the organization.  They are excellent and highly sought after candidates for duelists and Champions.  In exchange, the Twilight provides them with a crew of people capable of ‘cleaning up after’ nights of excess when hunting, and keeping the locals from tracking their messes back to them.


Supernatural:  Supernaturals find the Twilight to be a safe place to work their dark magics.  They can be an excellent source of ritual sacrifices and can quickly and quietly clean up after experiments gone wrong.  The Twilight enjoys their ability to wield supernatural forces, providing yet another way to come at their enemies.


Cyborgs:  Cyborgs make for excellent duelists and scientists within the Twilight.  Twilight labs are a clockwork mad scientist’s dream.  And what other organization can get main street shut down so that they can test drive their giant mechanical spider?


Ghosts:  Ghosts thrive in the Twilight, especially those who can no longer affect the living directly.  The Twilight specialize in getting others to do their dirty work, which is a perfect fit for ghosts.  The twilight highly prizes the information gathering abilities most ghosts possess.


RULES


1)  ROLE PLAY IS KING:  We’re all here to create fun and interesting RP.  Remember that is the goal so we don’t get too focused on specific outcomes.  All potentials for the Twilight must demonstrate maturity and strong RP skills.


2)  PUBLIC FACE: All members must have some kind of socially acceptable public avatar.  Something that blends with the civilian population.  It can be as simple as wearing a cloak.  If you are not sure how to make this work, ask and we will be glad to help you.


3)  YOU MUST BE WILLING TO LOSE:  If all of our plots and plans worked, not many else in the Sim would have a very good time, and then they would stop playing with us.  Nobody wants that.  Most of our plots are going to fail.  They are still a success if they create an interesting RP.  And THAT is the point of our plots.  Besides, most of our plots involve setting a fire between two groups or individuals and watching it burn as they turn against one another.  Who comes out on top is rarely important to the Twilight, because in the end, the Twilight will.  Ideally, when a particular malfeasance is over, both affected parties will thank the Twilight and blame our enemies.


4)  NO OUT OF CHARACTER DRAMA:  Come on guys, we’re here to have fun.


5)  GET CONSENT FOR YOUR RP’s:  When you’re plotting against someone, its critical that they be agreeable with any plot/ploy/or maneuver.  If you’re going to drug someone, ask them if they would be willing to RP that.  Don’t forget, BOTH sides to a RP need to have fun.  If not, they will stop playing with you.


6)  DON’T BE ABUSIVE:  Even in character, if you walk up to someone and are just abusive and mean without any RP reason, they are not going to enjoy it.  Its not what they signed up for and the Twilight won’t tolerate that behavior from its members.  “I’m just a bitch IC” is not an excuse.  If however you have an established relationship or RP reason, then please feel free…make them cry, just keep it in character.


Fill this out, save with your name inserted into notecard title, and return it to Illeana Kira, Majestek Magic, Nala Seelowe, Montgomery Market, or  Hibikirelo Lupindo




Character's name: 


Age (SL age):


What are your special characteristics that will benefit the Twilight? Why?






What do you know of the Twilight? Explain.






How often are you able to keep track of what's going on with the Twilight? Why?






Give us your background on what you can do with your ablilities.






Why do you want to join the Twilight? Explain.






Any other comments that we will need to know before we decide to let you in the Twilight:






If you have any other questions just contact one of the Twilight Leaders. Thanks. 


"Twilight is in the atmosphere."