Bayview Sanitorim, located on the top of the hill overlooking the bay in Port Erie,  was originally a civil war shore battery, sited on the same location as an early 18th century fort used to "settle" the island, and  its cells imprisoned the native islanders while the colonial government claimed the land.  After native islanders either died of smallpox or mistreatment or were moved to off island reservations, the building was abandoned until the first shots were fired in the civil war, when the confederate government rapidly threw up short batteries at each end of the bay.


In 1917, following the horrifying deaths of Frederick Muircastle and his associates, the town recognized the need for a psychiatric institution.  A fund was taken up in the name of young Gaston Muircastle, driven mad by the deaths and sent away from his home.  In an act of solidarity, the good people of Erie transformed the abandoned building into Bayview Sanitorium, a retreat of sorts, a respite from the horrors of the mind.


Opened with good intention, rumors quickly emerged regarding strange "treatments" and experiments on patients, with whispers about rituals and a hidden rooms somewhere in the building.  The facility was also seemingly misused to get what residents and government officials deemed as "undesireables" off the streets of Erie.  Many homeless, gypsies, eccentrics and anyone else labeled "strange" were seen entering the Sanitorium and never seen again. 


In the 1930's it was used to house tuberculosis patients until, in 1938, Gaston Muircastle was brought to the facility for psychiatric evaluation due to his increasingly bizarre and hostile behavior toward his family.  After he was admitted, the other patients began behaving even more erratically, seeming to follow some unspoken request from Gaston to follow his orders.  Often he was observed staring at a patient intently just before the patient would fall into a fit of rage, sobbing hysterically or laughing maniacally.


Gaston's stay was brief, less than a week, as on a night filled with strange storms, one patient escaped his cell and murdered the institution's administrator as he reviewed files at his desk.  The bloodstains can still be seen in the office today.  Unfortunately, in the melee, Gaston somehow escaped, returned home, and killed himself and his family.


Even today, many rumors of strange activity in the abandoned building are talked about throughout the island and passed down generation to generation.  It is even said that on particularly dark nights, patients still walk the halls and cry out for help from the cells.  Can you hear their screams?