I made the decision to travel to Erie Isle on the day that the place first became known to me. The letter arrived on a Sunday, which told me that someone had gone to great lengths to travel miles out of their way into the middle of nowhere, to my family estate and deliver it, as my mail would arrive weekly on a Wednesday. Although I had not, until the moment I read the letter, been familiar with the specifics, I knew all too well the story even before I finished reading the page. A once idyllic holiday destination had suffered decreased tourism after becoming known as the location of a horrific crime.They said the island was haunted, of course, by the vengeful spirits of those early deceased. They said there were signs, and I was certain there were. They said Going out of business and people depending on the regular flow of newcomers to the island had used the tragic event to their financial benefit... as I would use them to mine. Nothing draws a crowd so well as a well-executed scam, save for seeing such a scam exposed for what it is. Erie Isle. The name of the place had me expecting to find a haunted amusement park, rather than any attempt at appearing to be authentically inhabited by spectres. I had my regular travel agent reserve me a place on the next (boat/sea-plane) for the island, and left the next day.


I now realise that my initial assumptions regarding the island were in error and truly wish I had never made the decision to come here.


It is not impossible that imagination led my senses to betray me and in truth,it is my greatest desire that it is so. That the nightmarish encounters I endured were some hallucinatory product of my over-exposure to the whispered obscenities which were the rumours promulgated by the island's more superstitious residents. For this possibility I have attempted as best I can to avoid presenting hearsay and speculation as fact, instead only providing information as it was presented to me and trusting that the reader can interpret this as they will... and maybe through doing so I can myself gain a better understanding of these perverse entities who haunt my every waking moment and dominate my dreams.


(Main character travels most of the way by boat or sea-plane before changing to a small boat off the coast of the island. Where previous crew/pilot had been willing to share rumours about his destination and its supernatural history, though he dismisses these as superstition. The crew of this new vessel dislike and disregard him. Something unsettling is overheard or witnessed, causing him to momentarily doubt his previous contempt for the suggestion of paranormal activity on the island. A paragraph or two here having him consider the implications of that possibility, which causes him to view the actions of the crew through this newly discovered lens, putting their activities in a new context where he considers them to be plotting against him and even supernatural beings themselves.)


I must have been entirely absorbed in entertaining this fancy, to the extent that I was oblivious to our progress. Reluctantly I was returned to the present, in some confusion as to how long I been daydreaming and what exactly had recaptured my attention. I looked around, aware at first only of the activities most local to me, the crew going about their business still pointedly ignoring my presence, then widened the scope of my search, finding to my surprise that the boat had been enveloped by a miasmal fog, the abnormal density of which left me in awe-struck silence. The fog possessed an unnatural viscosity; it appeared as if jellified air, syrupy and heavy. To my imagination, this nebulous mass threatened to present us with an actual physical obstacle until it parted way for our approach in a manner which almost suggested some sentience, and indeed at this thought I found it impossible not to attribute it with a will as I watched, palsied, while the previously menacing vapour made a remarkable change in its behaviour, relaxing and shuffling out of our path on pseudopodial limbs, retreating obsequiously from the baleful stare of the captain. At that time, I was not certain it would have done so had we remained on that first vessel.